ForumNG
=======

Copyright 2012 The Open University

This is an alternative forum that you can install into standard Moodle.

It does not replace the standard forum, and operates alongside it.
You can copy forums from the standard forum into ForumNG format if you like
(...and if it works; this hasn't been tested lately).

Branch:

This is the MOODLE_21_STABLE branch. This branch is configured to match the latest
stable branch at the Open University that uses Moodle 2.1.

** THIS BRANCH DOES NOT WORK WITH MySQL **

For MySQL support, use a newer branch or the 'master' development branch.

Support:

We cannot offer direct support. Please do not contact me directly. If you
need assistance, try the forum forum on moodle.org. (Remember to make clear
that you are using ForumNG and not the standard forum.)

Bug reports:

Please report bugs to the Moodle tracker using the 'contributed code' project
and 'Module: ForumNG' component. Under Version, please select your Moodle
version e.g. 2.1.

Status:

This code runs on our live server, beginning from the March 6th OU VLE
release.

Please note that this code is tested on OU systems but we rely on the
community for testing on other systems. For example there may be issues with
other databases (as noted, MySQL does not work with this version) or with
features that the OU does not commonly use.

Once we stop using Moodle 2.1, there will be no more fixes in this branch
(but of course anyone can fork the reposistory and do fixes themselves). We
currently plan to stop using Moodle 2.1 on April 6th 2012. After that date,
this branch will be unsupported and we recommend moving to our Moodle 2.2
branch.

Requires:

Moodle 2.1+ (untested but may work on 2.0.2)
Postgres (untested but may work on SQL Server/Oracle; does NOT work on MySQL)

Install:

Place the contents of this source tree into your Moodle installation so that
within your Moodle root, this file is mod/forumng/README. Then visit the
Moodle notifications page to install.

If you want the forums to be searchable, you also need to install the
local_ousearch plugin. (It is best to do this before using ForumNG much,
otherwise it takes ages to install as it builds indexes for everything.)
When you install the ousearch plugin, a search box will automatically appear.

Documentation:

None.
